{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
1. That pain is only temporary. There is always hope in life, especially as a follower of Christ. I should be able to find hope, joy, and peace in everyday. \
2. That we only get one life, and that we shouldn\'92t waste time on things that probably won\'92t matter. Even if you don\'92t believe in Christ there is a God who has mapped out your whole life, and he knows every step you are going to take, and every mess up that you have or will do and he still loves you for it. \
3. That we are all trying to love, but if we do not understand that love is an action and not a feeling that society has made it out to be then we will never truly fall for someone fully until we understand it. \
4. I want to portray either BLM or the life of a college student in a normal year, making it so that you are able to interpret two types of pain. The college one will be just as hard, but I think that this might be more the route I want to go down. \
\
\
BLM 						\
- fist \
- red \
- black and white \
- hands covering a mouth\
- hanging\
- kendrick or something else \
\
\
Maybe less is more now I don\'92t know for sure though. I think that after the meeting you will know better. \
\
\
\
\
}