{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I am using photoshop and I have learned a little bit on layering. The only thing that I think that is confusing here is how my PS is not letting me see the layers how they are usually in the tutorials. I do want to learn how to use the select tool because although layering would work for the image I have in mind I do not think that it will do what I want to do justice. There is going to have to be some pieces that are selected and moved onto the backgrounds of the main picture, and the added text. \
\
March 2/21: I have now learned how to use the lasso tool to a point, and I have also learned how to layer the images in the way that I want them to be layered. I have also chosen to not use text anymore in my argument, I think that this will take away from what I want the focus to be.  \
\
\
With my project being basically finished I want to look back on what it meant creating this. Although none of these images were mine, I was able to find just the ones that I was seeing in my head to fulfill the image that I wanted at the end. When it came down to it there were four images and just a change in color that lead to the way that it is now. I see that there is power in a minimal amount of images. Just the detail in which things can be placed can lead to where things are in the end which is how my argument worked out. The one thing that I was not so happy about in my argument is how the image of the flag turned out in way. It really added to the depth that was needed here, but I wanted it to be a little more colorful without taking too much of the statement away. So I guess all in all it actually worked out. \
\
\
By the end of my time working with photoshop I learned the base line. I am now able to manipulate layers, and add text. I even have the ability to work with the 3D work space. Not to a high extent, but to a good enough one to where I can see the letters in 3D. I can work with text and add certain filters, and I even know how to select and mask the layers that I want. }